# Documentation


## Docs High Level Design

This template is based heavily on [What nobody tells you about documentation](https://www.divio.com/blog/documentation/). In `docsSrc` folder you'll see a similar structure to what is described below:

- **Tutorials**
  - is learning-oriented
  - allows the newcomer to get started
  - is a lesson
  - Analogy: teaching a small child how to cook
- **How-To Guides**
  - is goal-oriented
  - shows how to solve a specific problem
  - is a series of steps
  - Analogy: a recipe in a cookery book
- **Explanation**
  - is understanding-oriented
  - explains
  - provides background and context
  - Analogy: an article on culinary social history
- **Reference**
  - is information-oriented
  - describes the machinery
  - is accurate and complete
  - Analogy: a reference encyclopedia article


The folders in `docsSrc` are:

- `content` - custom css, javascript, and similar go here.
- `Explanations` - A content section as defined above.
- `files` - extra files like screenshots, images, videos.
- `How-To-Guides` - A content section as defined above.
- `Tutorials` - A content section as defined above.
- `index.md` - The entry page to your documentation

The navbar is generated by the `category` specified in each front-matter of every content file in docsSrc, excluding `content` and `files` folders.

- `Api References`
- `Explanations`
- `How Tos`
- `Tutorials`

The odd one not generated from the convention of your folders in docsSrc is Api References.  This is generated by the [XML Doc Comments](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/codedoc) in your libraries under the `src` folder.


---

Below is an example homepage.  You should start by simply explaining your project in plainest and simplest terms possible.

## What is My MyLib.1?

MyLib.1 fixes this one particular set of problems.

## Why should I use MyLib.1?

These problems include:

Example Solving Problem 1:

Example Solving Problem 2:

## How do I get started 

    dotnet add nuget MyLib.1

Or follow [Tutorial 1](Tutorials/Tutorial-1.md)

## Who are the maintainers of the project

- @MyGithubUsername


---


<div class="row row-cols-1 row-cols-md-2">
  <div class="col mb-4">
    <div class="card h-100">
      <div class="card-body">
        <h5 class="card-title">Tutorials</h5>
        <p class="card-text">Takes you by the hand through a series of steps to create your first library. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="card-footer text-right   border-top-0">
        <a href="{{siteBaseUrl}}/Tutorials/index.html" class="btn btn-primary">Get started</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="col mb-4">
    <div class="card h-100">
      <div class="card-body">
        <h5 class="card-title">How-To Guides</h5>
        <p class="card-text">Guides you through the steps involved in addressing key problems and use-cases. </p>
      </div>
      <div class="card-footer text-right   border-top-0">
        <a href="{{siteBaseUrl}}/How_Tos/index.html" class="btn btn-primary">Learn Usecases</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="col mb-4 mb-md-0">
    <div class="card h-100">
      <div class="card-body">
        <h5 class="card-title">Explanations</h5>
        <p class="card-text">Discusses key topics and concepts at a fairly high level and provide useful background information and explanation..</p>
      </div>
      <div class="card-footer text-right   border-top-0">
        <a href="{{siteBaseUrl}}/Explanations/index.html" class="btn btn-primary">Dive Deeper</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="col">
    <div class="card h-100">
      <div class="card-body">
        <h5 class="card-title">Reference</h5>
        <p class="card-text">Contain technical references.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="card-footer text-right   border-top-0">
        <a href="{{siteBaseUrl}}/Reference/index.html" class="btn btn-primary">Read References</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
